README.md, before:

I know there are credentials in this repo. They will all be hidden as soon as this has a public port.

# Install Steps

```make install``` will install several pieces of software on your machine. Mac users must have brew installed.

**Note:** If you are on Linux environnement, copy ```scripts/docker_host.sh``` to ```/etc/profile.d/``` and log out from your current session.

## Install command line tools and dependencies necessary for development
    make install

## Start docker containers in one terminal where you can see the logs
    make cleardb
    make docker

## Setup everything; be mindful of startup times
    make setup_migrations
    make setup_minio

# Dev env

I open 4 tabs and run the following commands

    make docker
    make server DEV=1 // DEV IS IMPORTANT,SEE NOTES
    make client
    make migrate

**Notes:**

the following command will run the server in production mode 

    make server

# Browser

* Databrary: http://localhost:8000/login
* Hasura: http://localhost:8002 if you wan to run hasura in migaration mode http://localhost:9695
* Minio: http://localhost:9000

# VS Code
You can use VS Code Workspace to launch Databrary, and use provided launchers and tasks for a faster development.

## Extensions 
* [Debugger for chrome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome)
* [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
* [Vetur](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=octref.vetur)

Ts start Docker the Server and the Client all what you need to do is to ```Start Databrary (workspace)``` from ```Run``` tab. VS Code will do the following:
* Launch Docker (detached mode)
* Build and Run the Nest server
* Start quasar in dev mode 
* Attach a google chrome instance (wait for quasar to finish before reloading the chrome page)

**Important:** Don't forget to stop docker after you are done with your development by running this command in your terminal
```
 make stop_docker
```
or use ```Stop Docker``` task.

# Important Notes:
* Minio Client and Minio Docker image need to be compatible, make sure you alwauys have the right Minio Client for the right minio image.

Commit message:

Upgraded to Hasura 1.3 and hasura cli v2

README.md, after:

I know there are credentials in this repo. They will all be hidden as soon as this has a public port.

# Install Steps

```make install``` will install several pieces of software on your machine. Mac users must have brew installed.

## Install command line tools and dependencies necessary for development
    make install

## Start docker containers in one terminal where you can see the logs
    make cleardb
    make docker

## Setup everything; be mindful of startup times
    make setup_migrations
    make setup_minio

### Important:
If you are running hasura cli v1, please upgrade to v2, before running the migration
    
    make upgrade-hasura-cli

# Dev env

I open 4 tabs and run the following commands

    make docker
    make server DEV=1 // DEV IS IMPORTANT,SEE NOTES
    make client
    make migrate

**Notes:**

the following command will run the server in production mode 

    make server

# Browser

* Databrary: http://localhost:8000/login
* Hasura: http://localhost:8002 if you wan to run hasura in migaration mode http://localhost:9695
* Minio: http://localhost:9000

# VS Code
You can use VS Code Workspace to launch Databrary, and use provided launchers and tasks for a faster development.

## Extensions 
* [Debugger for chrome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=msjsdiag.debugger-for-chrome)
* [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
* [Vetur](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=octref.vetur)

Ts start Docker the Server and the Client all what you need to do is to ```Start Databrary (workspace)``` from ```Run``` tab. VS Code will do the following:
* Launch Docker (detached mode)
* Build and Run the Nest server
* Start quasar in dev mode 
* Attach a google chrome instance (wait for quasar to finish before reloading the chrome page)

**Important:** Don't forget to stop docker after you are done with your development by running this command in your terminal
```
 make stop_docker
```
or use ```Stop Docker``` task.

# Important Notes:
* Minio Client and Minio Docker image need to be compatible, make sure you always have the right Minio Client for the right minio image.
